Exercise time.
All right,
we have a bunch of blog posts here.
This is what you're going to be making.
It's a form and
it's gonna be Tacos: A History.
And the author name is gonna be my name,
which is S-Drizzle, and
we have a different label for different
things that you might wanna show,
so you're adding things with that.
And then you're able to filter all
of these based on their label.
So in this case, we said, we added
Tacos History, you can see that label of
history, and we're able to filter
down to just the histories.
So I'm gonna start you
off with this code pen.
And here we've got blog posts,
we've got add a new post.
So we've got v model and a placeholder and
that required and
then we've got add a new label.
And we have science, math, poetry,
history and add a new blog post.
Here we've got this selected
as an empty string.
We haven't, hooked that up yet.
Look, you don't have to think
of all the posts by yourself.
[LAUGH] I made an array of dummy posts for
you.
We've got new title,
new author, new label.
So here we've got this.
We've got the button that submits and
then we've got the selected values.
And then we have the post and
post, post.title, and
it's outputting all of these labels and
authors.